README.md, before:

# dbt
                             ________
        _ _    _        ____//______\\_____
     __| | |__| |_     /__________________/|
    | _  |  _ |  _|    |     |______|    | |
    |____|____|___|    |_________________|/

## Usage

The `dbt` command makes it easy to connect to your database, create snapshots
and restore from these at a later time.

To connect to the database:

    dbt

To create a snapshot:

    dbt --snapshot

To restore from the most recent snapshot, based on timestamp on file:

    dbt --restore

To restore from a specific snapshot:

    dbt --restore db/snapshots/my_database.dump

By default the snapshots are stored in `db/snapshots` but they can be saved
anywhere if the path is specified.

To find out what configuration is being used:

    dbt --info

To find out what configuration is being used in a particular environment:

    dbt --env test --info

## Configuration

The connection configuration is read from `config/` in the form of a
`database.yml` ([Ruby on Rails](http://rubyonrails.com/)) or
`database.json` ([Sequelize](http://sequelizejs.com/)) file.

## Notes

Often saving and restoring PostgreSQL database snapshots takes a little work
to get things to line up correctly. `dbt` should handle most of that for you.

The ownership is automatically changed to whatever `username` is defined in
the database configuration.

## Copyright

(C) 2014 Scott Tadman, The Working Group Inc. and other contributors.

Using the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) as described in
the [`LICENSE`](LICENSE) file.

Commit message:

Adding caveat about `psql` requirement

README.md, after:

# dbt
                             ________
        _ _    _        ____//______\\_____
     __| | |__| |_     /__________________/|
    | _  |  _ |  _|    |     |______|    | |
    |____|____|___|    |_________________|/

## Usage

The `dbt` command makes it easy to connect to your database, create snapshots
and restore from these at a later time.

To connect to the database:

    dbt

To create a snapshot:

    dbt --snapshot

To restore from the most recent snapshot, based on timestamp on file:

    dbt --restore

To restore from a specific snapshot:

    dbt --restore db/snapshots/my_database.dump

By default the snapshots are stored in `db/snapshots` but they can be saved
anywhere if the path is specified.

To find out what configuration is being used:

    dbt --info

To find out what configuration is being used in a particular environment:

    dbt --env test --info

## Configuration

The connection configuration is read from `config/` in the form of a
`database.yml` ([Ruby on Rails](http://rubyonrails.com/)) or
`database.json` ([Sequelize](http://sequelizejs.com/)) file.

**NOTE**: You will need to be able to connect to the default Postgres database
for your user if you want to be able to drop and restore databases from
snapshots. If you can run the `psql` command successfully without any
options, and that role has the ability to create and drop databases, it should
work.

## Notes

Often saving and restoring PostgreSQL database snapshots takes a little work
to get things to line up correctly. `dbt` should handle most of that for you.

The ownership is automatically changed to whatever `username` is defined in
the database configuration.

## Copyright

(C) 2014 Scott Tadman, The Working Group Inc. and other contributors.

Using the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) as described in
the [`LICENSE`](LICENSE) file.
